# GameOfLife
John H. Conway's "Game of Life"  
Wiki: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conway%27s_Game_of_Life  
  
A Ruby Tutorial  
GitHub: https://github.com/ofcan/game-of-life-ruby  
YouTube videos:  
PLAYLIST: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLMC91Ry9EhRKUn0MIdgXrZiptF7nVyYoQ  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iLXO2FLPulI Part1 - Introduction  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q3Pkuhj16Xk Part2 - Basic file structure  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7kHmkskv8ug Part3 - World class  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tzs3_pl410M Part4 - World and Cell classes  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uwqfb3-Xjo0 Part5 - Cell class coordinates  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oHhKFwAcjb8 Part6 - Game class introduction  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lqviK8M-noM Part7 - Game class  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1R5thzz6rcw Part8 - Planting the seeds  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=suBxLxipR-4 Part9 - Counting the neighbors (beginning)  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nOrBc8kMNx4 Part10 - Counting the neighbors (continued)  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jdNj3LCUxXw Part11 - Counting the neighbors (finished)  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vmSCB9IdDnk Part12 - Four Rules finished!  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J5fesJ3wM6s Part13 - Gosu Basics  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bUuLTQfO1rQ Part14 - Gosu Background and Variables  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mRI7uk-WhNk Part15 - Connecting Gocu  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p3luB_usR5A Part16 - Drawing the cells  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wIbL4klYtQk Part17 - The Grand Finale  
  
other resources:   
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SSPXwnYCGn8 Texas Instruments version  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R9Plq-D1gEk John H. Conway  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E8kUJL04ELA More from Mr. Conway  

